Welcome back.
We just learned what a programming language is.
It's just set of instructions that we give to a translator and this translator can be an interpreter
or compiler and we give these files that we create our own code our source code to these translators
and they allow us to give instructions to machines to computers to phones.
So we learned that we need these machines in order for us to write Python.
Right.
How can we get these.
Well we download them and here we download python from the Python Software Foundation from Python.
Dot org now before we download Python we're going to wait a little bit because in this course I want
you to understand why we're doing things not just follow my tutorials follow my videos and while not
understand the meaning and the fundamentals behind why we're doing things you should be able to teach
why you're going to learn.
So let's take a pause here for a second.
If this is the first time that you're learning a programming language I have some good news for you
at the end of the day.
All programming languages do the same thing and they tell the machine what to do.
However different languages have different ways of doing it.
The beauty is that most languages have very similar principles if this is your first programming language.
Well this is gonna be the hardest part.
Learning the first one afterwards every new language you learn becomes easier and easier in the sense
that it's not the same as let's say learning English and Japanese.
Two very distinct languages in programming things become a lot easier as you learn that first foundational
language.
Now if this is not your first language and let's say you've written code in C C++ or JavaScript and
you just want to learn python well you're going to find these first couple of videos quite easy.
But bear with me trust me we're gonna get into some advanced topics here and we're gonna make you a
full fledged developer by the end of this but let's go back to this topic at hand.
This idea of downloading this translator.
The thing is when people refer to Python the language they're most likely talking about the implementation
that is they're talking not about the language itself.
Because Python the language is just a specification.
You can think of it as a document that somebody wrote that says hey when I write the words D F that
means something in Python and when I write something like print that means something in python.
But the translation machines.
Well we can have tons of them different interpreters different compilers for example Python dawg.
When you click download here you're actually downloading this.
The C Python because it's written in the C programming language.
This is what you're downloading.
It's a program written C to read your python file and well run it on a machine but there's other implementations.
For example there's the GI Thorne project and this is a translator that is written in the Java language
there's pipeline which is actually written in Python.
So it's a interpreter It's a translation machine written in Python.
And then there's also things like irony python which is written for the dot net framework.
So here's a little trick question when you download from Python the official language is actually see
python.
You're downloading this interpreter that follows the python specification but at the end of the day
it's a machine built by somebody but these machines can well come in many forms.
So when most people talk about Python they're talking about this one see Python that well does our translation
for us it interprets our Python code and runs it on a machine.
So we're downloading this and if you want to really get into details as to what we're downloading what
we're downloading a machine that takes our Python code which go hurry we're going to write.
And it goes to the interpreter which we download using C Python and this C Python is going to create
something called a byte code for example this byte code prints hello world on our screen.
Now this might look like gibberish to you.
And even for me I don't know by code.
This looks pretty well confusing just for printing hello world to the screen while the interpreter does
that automatically for us.
We see we don't see it.
It's behind the scene.
Now once it creates a bike code that is closer to machine code it then uses the C Python virtual machine.
Again just something that runs this code.
And then this code gets run on our machine.
Now you're never ever going to be asked this question in an interview.
I mean maybe and most developers don't know this but I want you to use this as a reference that when
we write Python code throughout the rest of this course this is what's happening.
We're writing Python.
It goes gets interpreted.
Line by line and formed into what we call byte code this bike code gets run on the C Python virtual
machine which runs on our computers our phones or laptops.
And when we're downloading from Python dot org we're downloading these two pieces so that once we have
them downloaded we can run python.
All right.
That was a tough one and I mean we just got started.
I hope your brain is an exploding again.
This is something for you to use as a reference.
But you know what.
I think it's time for us to learn how to actually run Python code.
And don't worry we are getting there.
We are going to write our first python program very soon.
I'll see in the next one by.